etpack for WordPress

Put the power of web publishing in your pocket. Jetpack is a website creator and so much more!

CREATE

Give your big ideas a home on the web. Jetpack for iOS is a website builder and a blog maker powered by WordPress. Use it to create your website.
Pick the right look and feel from a wide selection of WordPress themes, then customize with photos, colors, and fonts so it’s uniquely you.
Built-in Quick Start tips guide you through the setup basics to set your new website up for success. (We’re not just a website creator — we’re your partner and cheering squad!)
ANALYTICS & INSIGHTS

Check your website’s stats in real time to keep track of the activity on your site.
Track which posts and pages get the most traffic over time by exploring daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly insights.
Use the traffic map to see which countries your visitors come from.
NOTIFICATIONS

Get notifications about comments, likes, and new followers so you can see people reacting to your website as it happens.
Reply to new comments as they show up to keep the conversation flowing and acknowledge your readers.
PUBLISH

Create updates, stories, photo essays announcements — anything! — with the editor.
Bring your posts and pages to life with photos and video from your camera and albums, or find the perfect image with the in-app collection of free-to-use pro photography.
Save ideas as drafts and come back to them when your muse returns, or schedule new posts for the future so your site is always fresh and engaging.
Add tags and categories to help new readers discover your posts, and watch your audience grow.
SECURITY & PERFORMANCE TOOLS

Restore your site from anywhere if something goes wrong.
Scan for threats and resolve them with a tap.
Keep tabs on site activity to see who changed what and when.
READER

Jetpack is more than a blog maker — use it to connect with a community of writers in the WordPress.com Reader. Explore thousands of topics by tag, discover new authors and organizations, and follow the ones who pique your interest.
Hang on to the posts that fascinate you with the Save for later feature.
SHARE

Set up automated sharing to tell your followers on social media when you publish a new post. Automatically cross-post to Facebook, Twitter, and more.
Add social sharing buttons to your posts so your visitors can share them with their network, and let your fans become your ambassadors.

Learn more at https://jetpack.com/features/mobile

California users privacy notice: https://automattic.com/privacy/#california-consumer-privacy-act-ccpa
