In this release, we’ve added the ability to change your password from within the app, polished the UI across the entire app, and squashed a huge pile of bugs! We’ve also reduced the CPU and battery usage of the app in an effort to be better citizens of your device.

A little extra polish never hurt.
It’s easier to adjust settings when creating a site – you can start over from the topic screen, and the visual consistency is smoother. We upped the minimum heights and spacing between elements on some fields and screens to make writing more comfortable. And if you logging into an account that has no sites, you won’t see an unnecessary screen listing your sites (or, y’know, not listing them).

Dotted Is, crossed Ts.
When commenting in the Reader, post titles display correctly. Sites viewed at larger text sizes display their URL properly, and long labels in app settings aren’t cut off — text sizing across the app is better in general. Oh, and sometimes you’d open a post revision into the editor, and the keyboard would hide the notification; now it doesn’t.

Pointless error messages are pointless.
If there’s a problem setting a password when signing up for a new account, you’ll get a helpful error message; ditto if a comment you write doesn’t post correctly. And searches without results have complete error messages.

More localization means a better app in any language.
The Terms of Service are properly localized, because we should all know what we’re agreeing to. Buttons for sharing content to WordPress from another app are properly translated, and so is the button to edit a comment from your Notifications. The “Done” button after publishing a post is also translated (and physically easier to tap!).

Unlike real bugs, tech bugs serve no purpose.
You can delete a user now, and they won’t appear in the list any more. The Stats widget will stop reverting back to the primary site, and the wrong images won’t appear in the notifications list any more. I your site is private, visual mode for revisions works correctly for posts that include images.

No one likes to crash.
Images failing to upload properly, media reloading in the background, and navigating away from a table view while it had a progress bar on it no longer lead to crashes. Huzzah.

